Kylo Trademark Policy
------------------------------
We will try to make this simple.  This document outlines the policy of 
Hillcrest Labs, Inc. regarding the use of the Kylo trademarks. Any use of any 
Kylo trademark must be in accordance with this policy. Any use that does not 
omply with our trademark policy or does not have written authorization from us 
is not authorized. 


List of Kylo Trademarks
------------------------------
The list of Kylo trademarks is:

1.  The Kylo Logo
2.  The Kylo Cursor  
3.  Kylo® 


What You Can Do
------------------------------
We encourage the use of the Kylo trademarks in marketing, and other publicity 
materials related to Kylo.  We also encourage the use of Kylo trademarks in 
products that incorporate Kylo.  

The most important consideration is that we authorize you to use the Kylo 
trademarks when you use unmodified versions of Kylo.  Unmodified versions 
include the official Kylo binaries downloaded or linked from www.kylo.tv when 
those binaries have not been altered.  Unmodified versions also include source 
code that has been compiled from the Kylo open source project when the kylo 
source code has not been altered in any way.

If you meet these conditions then you may:
    - Use the Kylo trademarks in marketing, and other publicity materials 
      related to Kylo or the relevant Kylo-based product 
    - Use the Kylo trademarks in your product that incorporates Kylo 
    - Link to Kylo’s website (www.kylo.tv) by using the Kylo Logo or Kylo®
    
If you are using a modified version of Kylo (binary or source code form), then 
you need Hillcrest Labs' prior written consent to use the Kylo trademarks.  We 
can be reached at kylotrademarks@hillcrestlabs.com.


What You Shouldn’t Do
------------------------------
Please also
    - Don’t abbreviate the Kylo trademarks or combined with other words 
      (e.g., "Kylobrowser");
    - Don’t use the Kylo trademarks to point to your own web site and/or to 
      download a modified version of Kylo.
    - Don't alter any of the Kylo trademarks including our images.
    
    
Questions
------------------------------
We have tried to make our trademark policy as simple to understand as possible. 
If you're considering a use of a Kylo trademark that's not covered by the 
policy or you are unsure as to whether the use of a Kylo trademark is 
sanctioned, please contact us at kylotrademarks@hillcrestlabs.com and ask.
